hi this is James Worthy and you're
watching junior sports brief so look
people I'm in co-op city to bronx new
york we all know the NBA draft is
tomorrow so i'm giving you guys a quick
update a lot of people have been hitting
me up about a lot of these trades and
first of all I'm gonna say this it's all
rumors people I don't have anybody
busting me on my hip and telling me yo
Steve Nash is about to get traded to the
los angeles la Dodgers yeah i know i
said Dodger so look let me start off and
run these things past us my main man
Steve Nash leave bro if you can go to a
contender please do it don't stick
around languishing with the the Phoenix
Suns go get a title why you can another
trade a lot of people are talking about
Paul the soul going to Minnesota Kevin
Love going to the Lakers we all know
kevin love played at UCLA i'm pretty
sure he would love to go back out to
cali and I guess Pau Gasol can kind of
look at this as some type of punishment
and yes I did say poor by the way I know
what the man's name is what else do you
have going on somebody told me Josh
Smith has the potential to go to the
Orlando Magic I wouldn't be mad at him I
think everybody on that land is
basically up for grabs except for Joe
Johnson who they gave that big big giant
contract to moving on we have the san
antonio spurs tony parker this guy just
signed i think about four years 50
million dollars he basically kind of
talked his way out of San Antonio
they're gonna have to start rebuilding
and picking up pieces as well look for
George shoulder pick things up if they
can get Tony Parker out of there what if
the hell else is going on excuse me
while I think about this ah the New York
Knicks yeah I wouldn't care what the
hell they do with Tony Douglas they need
depth of bench and they'll probably work
some of that out with the draft we all
know the Cavs will probably take Kyrie
Irving if you have any questions hit me
up I'm in co-op city Bronx New York go
google it the world's biggest co-op good
stuff out here this is junior make sure
you hit me up on Twitter if you have any
questions about the draft
out now and yet people i'm gonna stay
tuned I don't know if imma go out there
yet I mean it's in New Jersey and I
think the players aren't that great but
i'm out now people peace out later